hello everybody it's chibi today's gonna
be a very special video as you can see
from my background right now I'm going
to be doing a 7,500 she bit special
outside in my yard and today I have
something very special actually I this
came out of nowhere like earlier last
night so I decided I wanted to make a
video on to show off something as you
can see here we have a little puppy
right now like he just wandered on in
our yard you know last night and I'm
supposedly guess that someone dropped
him off he's really adorable as you
could see right now I honestly don't
know what type of dog he is he's so
cute look at this he just
wandered all on our porch last night oh
he's so cute you so cute we don't have a
name for him yet but I mean judging by
the way he looks he looks something like
a rock piler but I mean usually rock
haulers don't have a tell but you know
still this thing is a little really cute
little cute little inu oh look at that
look at that look at that keep face it
that's like that little oh so adorable
he looks like he's only like two months
old but um I just want to show this off
I mean what do you all do you think we
should call him I'm lat ask all of you
achieve it's because I mean I think we
were deciding to keep him since someone
just dropped him off he wanted on our
porch for like you know what we're gonna
keep care of this dog because he's
really cute so um honestly let me know
how you feel about that everybody let me
know what you think we should call him
and what type of dog do you think he
really is also you don't know this is
Tom he's up here to my habanero
challenge I think it 5,000 she bit
special hey don't break my foot no I
don't mock the camera oh you some Cup
man I don't know what to call I want to
calm kuma that's exactly I wanna call
kuma but i mean i'll know yeah my arm
gimme gimme gimme gimme a boy Kim oh you
know you bought my hand again it hurts
wow that's my middle finger I need that
for typing oh we're gonna reply to
comments that hurts oh yeah yeah so
cute
oh he's chasing me yeah not gonna go her
come on gala gala yeah whoo oh thank you
so much for supporting this community
everybody it means so much to me and
everybody I love you so much please be
safe a wonderful day or not wherever you
live and chibi out